docs(time-picker): add time-picker page to docs (#1658)
twilio-labs/paste: packages/paste-website/src/pages/components/time-picker/index.mdx

    prop that equals the <inlineCode>id</inlineCode> of the Help Text. This ensures screen readers know the Help Text
    ties directly to the Time Picker.
  </CalloutText>
</Callout>

<LivePreview scope={{TimePicker, Label, HelpText, useUID, Anchor}} noInline>
  {RequiredTimePicker}
</LivePreview>

### Time range picker

The Time Picker doesn't currently support the selection of time ranges within a single input field, however a time range picker can be easily implemented using two side-by-side Time Pickers.

<LivePreview scope={{TimePicker, Label, HelpText, useUID, Anchor, Stack, Box}} noInline>
  {TimeRangePicker}
</LivePreview>

## Time formatting

In addition to the Time Picker, this package exports a <inlineCode>formatReturnTime()</inlineCode> function that can be used to format the time value that's being <em>returned</em> from the Time Picker.

<strong>Note:</strong> the format of the time being displayed by the Time Picker <em>cannot</em> be changed. The display
value is formatted according to the <Anchor
  href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/time#time_value_format"
  showExternal
>
  locale of the user's browser
</Anchor>

> . The parsed <inlineCode>value</inlineCode>, however, is always returned in <inlineCode>HH:mm</inlineCode> format (using
> a 24-hour time format).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. The parsed <inlineCode>value</inlineCode> format however, which is returned in <inlineCode>HH:mm</inlineCode> format (using
a 24-hour time format), can be changed.
```

Author: Made this change!

  <CalloutText>
    There are three methods that come with the HTML picker: <inlineCode>stepUp()</inlineCode>,{' '}
    <inlineCode>stepDown()</inlineCode> and <inlineCode>select()</inlineCode>. Usage of these methods is possible, but
    we <strong>do not</strong> encourage it, as they may not be supported in future versions of the Time Picker. Use at
    your own risk!
  </CalloutText>
</Callout>

### Positioning Time Pickers

When using multiple Time Pickers, stack them vertically with `$space-80` spacing between each field. To stack them, you can use either a <Anchor href="/primitives/box">Box</Anchor> or a <Anchor href="/layout/stack">Stack</Anchor> (as seen in the example below).

<LivePreview scope={{TimePicker, Label, HelpText, useUID, Anchor, Box, Stack}} noInline>
  {StackOfPickers}
</LivePreview>

Avoid placing multiple pickers on the same horizontal row to help make it easier to scan a page vertically. Use a <Anchor href="/layout/grid">Grid</Anchor> if you need to place them horizontally.

### Labels and Help Text

Labels should clearly describe the time value being requested. They should be concise and descriptive, not instructional. To do this:

> - Use Help Text to provide instruction if needed. For example, don't use "Enter the date you wish to receive your bill below" as label text. Instead, use "Billing date" as a label and "Your account will be automatically billed on the above date." as Help Text.

Reviewer: More of a general question but: how useful is this section now that we'll have docs for Help Text and Label? Is it redundant in a reinforcement way or a "this is too much" way?

Author: Yeah now that we have those pages it's definitely a little redundant, but my vote would be to keep it in both places because I imagine most people using time picker will read only the time picker docs (if that), not also label/help text

Don't prevent form submission by disabling the submit button. An error message can give more information than a disabled button can to help users figure out which fields are invalid.

Usage of the <inlineCode>min</inlineCode> and <inlineCode>max</inlineCode> props on Time Picker is discouraged as browser support is varied and limited.

### Errors

Use inline error text to explain how to fix an error.

Ideally, Help Text should have enough information to help users prevent errors. If Help Text exists and you need to show an error, the error text should replace and repeat the Help Text until the error has been resolved.

Error text should:

- Be actionable. Explain how to fix an error and if reasonable, why it happened so that it might also be prevented in the future.
- Be concise and simple, maybe even more than normal. Avoid jargon. Try to keep error text to 2 sentences or fewer.
- Use the passive voice for input errors to avoid placing blame on the user. For example, "A friendly name is required."

> - Use the active voice for system errors. For example, "Our systems are currently down. Please contact our support team."

Reviewer: Same question here re: is this section something we want to include now that we have docs for Help Text?

Author: Probably still include for same reason as above!

| max?      | string                                   | Sets the last valid time value.                                      | null      |
| onChange? | `(event: React.MouseEvent<HTMLElement>)` |                                                                      | null      |
| onFocus?  | `(event: React.MouseEvent<HTMLElement>)` |                                                                      | null      |
| onBlur?   | `(event: React.MouseEvent<HTMLElement>)` |                                                                      | null      |
| variant?  | 'default', 'inverse'                     |                                                                      | 'default' |

#### formatReturnTime() Props

| Prop       | Type   | Description                                                                                                           | Default |
| ---------- | ------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- |
| timeValue  | string | Time value to be formatted. Must be in <inlineCode>HH:mm</inlineCode> format.                                         | null    |

> | timeFormat | string | Speficy the format in which to return the timeValue. Formats come from the <inlineCode>date-fns</inlineCode> library. | null    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| timeFormat | string | Specify the format in which to return the timeValue. Formats come from the <inlineCode>date-fns</inlineCode> library. | null    |
```

Author: Good catch 😂 fixed here and in date picker

> | timeFormat | string | Speficy the format in which to return the timeValue. Formats come from the <inlineCode>date-fns</inlineCode> library. | null    |

Reviewer 2: `Speficy` => `Specify`?

Author: Yuuuup. fixed here and in date picker

| htmlFor       | string               | Sets the for of the label. Should match the id of `TimePicker`. Required. | null      |
| disabled?     | boolean              | Shows the time picker is disabled.                                        | false     |
| required?     | boolean              | Shows the time picker is required.                                        | false     |
| marginBottom? | 'space0', 'space10'  |                                                                           | 'space10' |
| variant ?     | 'default', 'inverse' |                                                                           | 'default' |

#### HelpText Props

All the valid HTML attributes (role, aria-\*, type, and so on) including the following props:

| Prop       | Type                                           | Description        | Default   |
| ---------- | ---------------------------------------------- | ------------------ | --------- |
| children?  | `ReactNode`                                    |                    | null      |
| marginTop? | 'space0', 'space20'                            |                    | 'space20' |

> | variant?   | 'default', 'error', 'error_inverse', 'inverse' | Changes the state. | 'default' |

Reviewer 3: Not needed for this PR, but do you think we should eventually just have a link to the label and help text pages prop sections? We could do that for all form element doc pages once those are live.

Author: I guess it does make sense to link out to those pages for the props sections in the future, since someone who is looking there will likely have the motivation to click to another page. I do still think we should keep the rest of the help text/label info (guidance) duplicated on this page, though, for people who aren't willing to read a separate page.

Reviewer 3: Agreed on the guidance. We can add a ticket in our backlog for the future links.

Author: I'll create ticket 👍
